collection playbooks, note no - (#75891)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/collections_using.rst

This will have an implied entry in the ``collections:`` keyword of ``my_namespace.my_collection`` just as with roles.

.. note::

>     Like every other resource in a collections, playbooks have a restricted set of valid characters, for example they are not addressable when using certain characters in their names like ``-``, this is a limitation of the Python importer that is used to load colleciton resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Playbook names, like other collection resources, have a restricted set of valid characters.
    Names can contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters, plus _ and must start with an alpha character. The dash ``-`` character is not valid for playbook names in collections.
    Playbooks whose names contain invalid characters are not addressable: this is a limitation of the Python importer that is used to load collection resources.
```

Specifying the allowed character set for playbook names would be useful here.
Do playbook names follow the same rules as roles?
From https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections_structure.html#roles-directory,
> Role names are now limited to contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters, plus _ and start with an alpha character.

This info would also be useful here: https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections_structure.html#playbooks-directory
